docs/extensions.md, before:

# Extensions

Install Extensions by The GNOME Project from Software, and open. Change the following settings for the Built-In extensions:

- Background Logo: Off
- Pomodoro: On

Run `gsettings set org.gnome.shell disable-extension-version-validation true` so incompatible extensions will run with the current GNOME version. Visit https://extensions.gnome.org, and install the following extensions while changing their settings, as well:

- AATWS - Advanced Alt-Tab Window Switcher by GdH
  - Common
    - Behaviour
      - Placement: Center
      - Default Monitor: Monitor with focused window
      - Search Mode as Default: Off
      - Up/Down Keys Action: Toggle Single App Mode
    - Appearance and Content
      - Tooltip Titles: Show Centered
      - Tooltip Title Scale (%): 100
    - Hot Edge
      - Hot Edge Position: Disabled
  - Window Switcher
    - Behavior
      - Default Filter: Current Workspace
      - Minimize Windows Last: Off
    - Appearance
      - Show Window Titles: Disabled
  - App Switcher
    - Behaviour
      - Raise First Window Only: On
      - Include Favorite Apps: Off
      - Include Show Apps Icon: Off
    - Appearance
      - Hide Window Counter For Single-Window Apps: On
  - Hotkeys
    - Custom hotkeys (you can assign up to 2 characters (keys) to each action)
      - Filter mode: W
      - Close Window / Quit Application: Q
- ArcMenu by andrew.zaech
  - General
    - Panel Display Options
      - Position in Panel: Center
      - Show Activities Button: On
    - General Settings
      - Hotkey: Custom Hotkey
      - Current Hotkey: Shift+Ctrl+Alt+Space
  - Menu
    - Menu Layout: Launcher Menu Layouts > Runner
    - Menu Theme
      - Override Theme: On
      - Menu Themes
        - Current Theme: Light Blue
      - Menu Styling
        - Background Color: #ffffff
        - Foreground color: #000000
        - Save the theme as "Light"
    - Menu Visual Appearance
      - Menu Location
        - Override Menu Rise: On; 12
    - Runner Layout Tweaks
      - Font Size: 12
      - Show Frequent Apps: On
  - Menu Button
    - Menu Button Appearance
      - Display Style: Hidden
- Autohide Battery by iskin (only if current machine is has a battery)
- Autohide Volume by t184256
- Bedtime Mode by ionutbortis (currently disabled)
  - Automatic Schedule: On
    - Start Time: 20:00
    - End Time: 8:00
  - On-Demand
    - Show Button: Always
    - Button Location: System Menu
- Burn My Windows by Simme (only if computer will not lag)
  - Disable Fire and enable Glide
- Caffeine by eon
  - General
    - Remember state: On
    - Toggle shortcut: Shift+Super+C
  - Display
    - Show status indicator in top panel: Never
    - Notifications: Off
- Clipboard History by SUPERCILEX
  - What to show in status bar: Neither
- Color Picker by grroot (only enable when needed)
- Compiz alike magic lamp effect (only if computer will not lag)
  - Duration (ms): 250
- Control Blur Effect on Lock Screen by pratap@fastmail.fm
  - Adjust Sigma: 200
- Dash to Dock by michele_g
  - Position and size
    - Intelligent autohide
      - Autohide
        - Autohide: Off
        - Dodge windows: Off
    - Dock size limit: 80%
    - Icon size limit: 40 px
  - Launchers
    - Keep the focused application always visible in the dash: Off
    - Show Appplications icon: Off
  - Behavior
    - Use keyboard shortcuts to activate apps
      - Number overlay: Off
      - Show the dock if it is hidden: Off
      - Shortcut for the options above: Empty
    - Click action: Minimize or show previews
      - Shift+Click action: Launch new instance
      - Middle-Click action: Quit
      - Shift+Middle-Click action: Quit
  - Appearance
    - Shrink the dash: On
    - Show overview on startup: Off
    - Customize windows counter indicators: Dots
      - Customize indicator style: On
      - Color: #1b1b1b
    - Customize the dash color: On; #ebebeb
    - Customize opacity: Fixed
    - Opacity: 100%
  - Unpin all current dock apps, and pin the following apps in order: Firefox, Tutanota, Obsidian, Konsole, Files, Tresorit, Syncthing Web UI, Bitwarden, Calculator, Rhythmbox
- Date Menu Formatter by mjakubowski
  - Pattern: EEEE K:mm aaa
  - Font size: 11 pt
- Floating Panel by aylur
  - Copy `floating-panel@aylur` to `~/.local/share/gnome-shell/extensions/`
- Focus by scaryawr
  - Inactive Opacity: Two notches away from the right (use arrow keys to move)
- Fullscreen On New Workspace by satran
- Just Another Search Bar by xelad0m
  - Click the "+" button next to Default search
    - Name: firefox
    - Command: xdg-open https://#
    - Wildcard: #
    - Query delimiter: +
    - Example query: test query
    - Save: Click save button
- Just Perfection by JustPerfection
  - Visibility
    - Screen Sharing Indicator: Off
    - Screen Recording Indicator: Off
    - World Clock: Off
    - Weather: Off
    - Events: Off
    - Search: Off
    - Show Applications Button: Off
    - Workspace Popup: Off
    - Workspace Switcher: Off
    - Workspaces App Grid: Off
    - Window Picker Close Button: Off
    - Window Picker Caption: Off
    - Background Menu: Off
    - Ripple Box: Off
  - Icons
    - Panel Notification Icon: Off
  - Behaviour
    - Window Demands Attention Focus: On
    - Double Super to App Grid: Off
    - Startup Status: Desktop
  - Customize
   - Clock menu position: Right
    - Clock menu offset: 7
    - Animation: No Animation (only if computer is lagging)
    - Notification Banner Position: Top End
- Mouse Follows Focus by LeonMatthes
- Mpris Label by moon-0xff
  - Panel
    - Extension place: center
    - Left padding: 0
    - Right padding: 0
  - Label
    - Switch to the most recent source automatically: On
    - Hide when paused: Off
    - Max string length (each field): 150
    - Button placeholder (can be left empty): Empty
    - Divider string (you can use spaces): " by "
    - Visible fields and order: title artist none
    - Show source icon: off
  - Controls
    - Mouse bindings
      - Left click action: play/pause
      - Middle click action: next track
      - Right click action: open app
- Power Profile Switcher by eliapasquali (only if on laptop)
  - Default profiles
    - On AC: Balanced
    - On battery: Power Saving
- Quick Settings Tweaker by qwreey75
  - Notifications
    - Visible: Off
  - Media Controls
    - Visible: Off
  - Other
    - Remove Notifications On Date Menu: Off
    - Remove Media Control On Date Menu: Off
- Rounded Corners by lennart-k
  - Border radius: 16px
- Rounded Window Corners by yilozt
  - General
    - Applications
      - Skip LibAdwaita Applications: Off
      - Window Shadow
        - Focus Window
          - Spread Radius: -10.0
        - Unfocus Window
          - Vertical Offset: 4.0
          - Blur Offset: 28.0
          - Spread Radius: -10.0
          - Opacity: 60.0
    - Global Settings
      - Border Width: 1.0
      - Border Color: #ffffff Zero transparency
      - Border Radius: 14.0
      - Keep Rounded Corners when Maximized: On
      - Keep Rounded Corners when Fullscreen: On
- Simple Message by fredz
  - Write your message: `Tasks  `
  - Command to execute on click: `konsole --workdir ~/doc/ -e vim todo`
- Time in date menu by knedme
  - Copy `time-in-date-menu@knedme/extension.js` to ~/.local/share/gnome-shell/extensions/time-in-date-menu\@knedme/`, or change the following:
    - Line 18: `let dateFormat = Shell.util_translate_time_string(N_("(%Y/%m/%d)"));`
    - Line 19: `let timeFormat = Shell.util_translate_time_string(N_("%-I:%M %p"));`
    - Line 21: `date.toLocaleFormat(timeFormat) + " " + date.toLocaleFormat(dateFormat));`
    - Line 27: `date.toLocaleFormat(timeFormat) + " " + date.toLocaleFormat(dateFormat);`
- Top Bar Organizer by jspp
  - After installing the Just Another Search Bar extension, move undefined to the end of Right Top Bar Box
  - After installing the Mpris Label extension, move Mpris Label to the beginning of the Center Top Bar Box
  - After installing the Worksapce Dry Names (typo included) extension, move workspace-name-indicator to be right after activities in the Left Top Bar Box
  - After installing the Simple Message extension, move simple-message to be right after activities in the Left Top Bar Box
  - Move gnome-pomodoro to be at the beginning of the Left Top Bar Box
- Transparent Window Moving by Noobsai
  - Opacity (0..255): 230
  - Animation time: 0.00
- Unite by hardpixel
  - General
    - Extend top bar left box: Off
    - Show system tray in top bar: Off
    - Show desktop name in top bar: Off
    - Restrict funcitonalities to the primary screen: Off
    - Hide activities button: Never
    - Hide window titlebars: Always
    - Show window title in app menu: Never
    - Show window buttons in top bar: Never
- User Themes by fmuellner
- Volume Scroller by trflynn89
- Worksapce Dry Names by ecrevisseMiroir (typo included)
  - Name workspaces Primary, Secondary, and so on
- Workspace Switcher Manager by GdH
  - General
    - Workspaces
      - Number of Workspaces in Static Mode: 1
    - Workspace Switcher
      - Wraparound: On
  - Colors
    - Pop-up Opacity
      - Global Opacity (%): 100
    - Pop-up Colors
      - Allow Custom Colors: On
      - Background color / Opacity: #FFFFFF
      - Border color / opacity: #DADADA; Opacity 15 notches from the right
  - Content
    - Pop-up Active Workspace Indicator Content
      - Show Workspace Index: Off
      - Show Workspace Name: On
    - Pop-up Inactive Workspace Indicator Content
      - Show Workspace Index: On
      - Show Workspace Name: On

Commit message:

install extensions with command line

docs/extensions.md, after:

# Extensions

Install with the following line:

```
sudo dnf install gnome-extensions-app
```

Change the following settings for the Built-In extensions:

- Background Logo: Off
- Pomodoro: On

Run `gsettings set org.gnome.shell disable-extension-version-validation true` so incompatible extensions will run with the current GNOME version. Visit https://extensions.gnome.org, and install the following extensions while changing their settings, as well:

- AATWS - Advanced Alt-Tab Window Switcher by GdH
  - Common
    - Behaviour
      - Placement: Center
      - Default Monitor: Monitor with focused window
      - Search Mode as Default: Off
      - Up/Down Keys Action: Toggle Single App Mode
    - Appearance and Content
      - Tooltip Titles: Show Centered
      - Tooltip Title Scale (%): 100
    - Hot Edge
      - Hot Edge Position: Disabled
  - Window Switcher
    - Behavior
      - Default Filter: Current Workspace
      - Minimize Windows Last: Off
    - Appearance
      - Show Window Titles: Disabled
  - App Switcher
    - Behaviour
      - Raise First Window Only: On
      - Include Favorite Apps: Off
      - Include Show Apps Icon: Off
    - Appearance
      - Hide Window Counter For Single-Window Apps: On
  - Hotkeys
    - Custom hotkeys (you can assign up to 2 characters (keys) to each action)
      - Filter mode: W
      - Close Window / Quit Application: Q
- ArcMenu by andrew.zaech
  - General
    - Panel Display Options
      - Position in Panel: Center
      - Show Activities Button: On
    - General Settings
      - Hotkey: Custom Hotkey
      - Current Hotkey: Shift+Ctrl+Alt+Space
  - Menu
    - Menu Layout: Launcher Menu Layouts > Runner
    - Menu Theme
      - Override Theme: On
      - Menu Themes
        - Current Theme: Light Blue
      - Menu Styling
        - Background Color: #ffffff
        - Foreground color: #000000
        - Save the theme as "Light"
    - Menu Visual Appearance
      - Menu Location
        - Override Menu Rise: On; 12
    - Runner Layout Tweaks
      - Font Size: 12
      - Show Frequent Apps: On
  - Menu Button
    - Menu Button Appearance
      - Display Style: Hidden
- Autohide Battery by iskin (only if current machine is has a battery)
- Autohide Volume by t184256
- Bedtime Mode by ionutbortis (currently disabled)
  - Automatic Schedule: On
    - Start Time: 20:00
    - End Time: 8:00
  - On-Demand
    - Show Button: Always
    - Button Location: System Menu
- Burn My Windows by Simme (only if computer will not lag)
  - Disable Fire and enable Glide
- Caffeine by eon
  - General
    - Remember state: On
    - Toggle shortcut: Shift+Super+C
  - Display
    - Show status indicator in top panel: Never
    - Notifications: Off
- Clipboard History by SUPERCILEX
  - What to show in status bar: Neither
- Color Picker by grroot (only enable when needed)
- Compiz alike magic lamp effect (only if computer will not lag)
  - Duration (ms): 250
- Control Blur Effect on Lock Screen by pratap@fastmail.fm
  - Adjust Sigma: 200
- Dash to Dock by michele_g
  - Position and size
    - Intelligent autohide
      - Autohide
        - Autohide: Off
        - Dodge windows: Off
    - Dock size limit: 80%
    - Icon size limit: 40 px
  - Launchers
    - Keep the focused application always visible in the dash: Off
    - Show Appplications icon: Off
  - Behavior
    - Use keyboard shortcuts to activate apps
      - Number overlay: Off
      - Show the dock if it is hidden: Off
      - Shortcut for the options above: Empty
    - Click action: Minimize or show previews
      - Shift+Click action: Launch new instance
      - Middle-Click action: Quit
      - Shift+Middle-Click action: Quit
  - Appearance
    - Shrink the dash: On
    - Show overview on startup: Off
    - Customize windows counter indicators: Dots
      - Customize indicator style: On
      - Color: #1b1b1b
    - Customize the dash color: On; #ebebeb
    - Customize opacity: Fixed
    - Opacity: 100%
  - Unpin all current dock apps, and pin the following apps in order: Firefox, Tutanota, Obsidian, Konsole, Files, Tresorit, Syncthing Web UI, Bitwarden, Calculator, Rhythmbox
- Date Menu Formatter by mjakubowski
  - Pattern: EEEE K:mm aaa
  - Font size: 11 pt
- Floating Panel by aylur
  - Copy `floating-panel@aylur` to `~/.local/share/gnome-shell/extensions/`
- Focus by scaryawr
  - Inactive Opacity: Two notches away from the right (use arrow keys to move)
- Fullscreen On New Workspace by satran
- Just Another Search Bar by xelad0m
  - Click the "+" button next to Default search
    - Name: firefox
    - Command: xdg-open https://#
    - Wildcard: #
    - Query delimiter: +
    - Example query: test query
    - Save: Click save button
- Just Perfection by JustPerfection
  - Visibility
    - Screen Sharing Indicator: Off
    - Screen Recording Indicator: Off
    - World Clock: Off
    - Weather: Off
    - Events: Off
    - Search: Off
    - Show Applications Button: Off
    - Workspace Popup: Off
    - Workspace Switcher: Off
    - Workspaces App Grid: Off
    - Window Picker Close Button: Off
    - Window Picker Caption: Off
    - Background Menu: Off
    - Ripple Box: Off
  - Icons
    - Panel Notification Icon: Off
  - Behaviour
    - Window Demands Attention Focus: On
    - Double Super to App Grid: Off
    - Startup Status: Desktop
  - Customize
   - Clock menu position: Right
    - Clock menu offset: 7
    - Animation: No Animation (only if computer is lagging)
    - Notification Banner Position: Top End
- Mouse Follows Focus by LeonMatthes
- Mpris Label by moon-0xff
  - Panel
    - Extension place: center
    - Left padding: 0
    - Right padding: 0
  - Label
    - Switch to the most recent source automatically: On
    - Hide when paused: Off
    - Max string length (each field): 150
    - Button placeholder (can be left empty): Empty
    - Divider string (you can use spaces): " by "
    - Visible fields and order: title artist none
    - Show source icon: off
  - Controls
    - Mouse bindings
      - Left click action: play/pause
      - Middle click action: next track
      - Right click action: open app
- Power Profile Switcher by eliapasquali (only if on laptop)
  - Default profiles
    - On AC: Balanced
    - On battery: Power Saving
- Quick Settings Tweaker by qwreey75
  - Notifications
    - Visible: Off
  - Media Controls
    - Visible: Off
  - Other
    - Remove Notifications On Date Menu: Off
    - Remove Media Control On Date Menu: Off
- Rounded Corners by lennart-k
  - Border radius: 16px
- Rounded Window Corners by yilozt
  - General
    - Applications
      - Skip LibAdwaita Applications: Off
      - Window Shadow
        - Focus Window
          - Spread Radius: -10.0
        - Unfocus Window
          - Vertical Offset: 4.0
          - Blur Offset: 28.0
          - Spread Radius: -10.0
          - Opacity: 60.0
    - Global Settings
      - Border Width: 1.0
      - Border Color: #ffffff Zero transparency
      - Border Radius: 14.0
      - Keep Rounded Corners when Maximized: On
      - Keep Rounded Corners when Fullscreen: On
- Simple Message by fredz
  - Write your message: `Tasks  `
  - Command to execute on click: `konsole --workdir ~/doc/ -e vim todo`
- Time in date menu by knedme
  - Copy `time-in-date-menu@knedme/extension.js` to ~/.local/share/gnome-shell/extensions/time-in-date-menu\@knedme/`, or change the following:
    - Line 18: `let dateFormat = Shell.util_translate_time_string(N_("(%Y/%m/%d)"));`
    - Line 19: `let timeFormat = Shell.util_translate_time_string(N_("%-I:%M %p"));`
    - Line 21: `date.toLocaleFormat(timeFormat) + " " + date.toLocaleFormat(dateFormat));`
    - Line 27: `date.toLocaleFormat(timeFormat) + " " + date.toLocaleFormat(dateFormat);`
- Top Bar Organizer by jspp
  - After installing the Just Another Search Bar extension, move undefined to the end of Right Top Bar Box
  - After installing the Mpris Label extension, move Mpris Label to the beginning of the Center Top Bar Box
  - After installing the Worksapce Dry Names (typo included) extension, move workspace-name-indicator to be right after activities in the Left Top Bar Box
  - After installing the Simple Message extension, move simple-message to be right after activities in the Left Top Bar Box
  - Move gnome-pomodoro to be at the beginning of the Left Top Bar Box
- Transparent Window Moving by Noobsai
  - Opacity (0..255): 230
  - Animation time: 0.00
- Unite by hardpixel
  - General
    - Extend top bar left box: Off
    - Show system tray in top bar: Off
    - Show desktop name in top bar: Off
    - Restrict funcitonalities to the primary screen: Off
    - Hide activities button: Never
    - Hide window titlebars: Always
    - Show window title in app menu: Never
    - Show window buttons in top bar: Never
- User Themes by fmuellner
- Volume Scroller by trflynn89
- Worksapce Dry Names by ecrevisseMiroir (typo included)
  - Name workspaces Primary, Secondary, and so on
- Workspace Switcher Manager by GdH
  - General
    - Workspaces
      - Number of Workspaces in Static Mode: 1
    - Workspace Switcher
      - Wraparound: On
  - Colors
    - Pop-up Opacity
      - Global Opacity (%): 100
    - Pop-up Colors
      - Allow Custom Colors: On
      - Background color / Opacity: #FFFFFF
      - Border color / opacity: #DADADA; Opacity 15 notches from the right
  - Content
    - Pop-up Active Workspace Indicator Content
      - Show Workspace Index: Off
      - Show Workspace Name: On
    - Pop-up Inactive Workspace Indicator Content
      - Show Workspace Index: On
      - Show Workspace Name: On
