docs/gnome-extensions.md, before:

# GNOME Extensions

Run the following to install GNOME Extensions

```
sudo dnf install gnome-extensions-app -y
```

Run `gsettings set org.gnome.shell disable-extension-version-validation true` so incompatible extensions will run with the current GNOME version.

Choose (light- or dark-top-bar) settings if you want to keep the top bar visible. Choose `(invisible-top-bar)` if you want to hide the top bar.

Change the following settings for the Built-In extensions:

- Background Logo: Off
- (light- or dark-top-bar) Pomodoro: On

 Visit https://extensions.gnome.org, and install the following extensions while changing their settings, as well.

- AATWS - Advanced Alt-Tab Window Switcher by GdH
  - Common
    - Behaviour
      - Placement: Center
      - Default Monitor: Primary monitor
      - Search Mode as Default: Off
      - Up/Down Keys Action: Toggle Single App Mode
    - Appearance and Content
      - Tooltip Titles: Show Centered
      - Tooltip Title Scale (%): 100
  - Window Switcher
    - Behavior
      - Default Filter: All
      - Minimize Windows Last: Off
    - Appearance
      - Show Window Titles: Disabled
  - App Switcher
    - Behaviour
      - Raise First Window Only: On
      - Include Favorite Apps: Off
      - Include Show Apps Icon: Off
    - Appearance
      - Hide Window Counter For Single-Window Apps: On
  - Dock Mode
    - Hot Edge
      - Hot Edge Position: Disabled
  - Hotkeys
    - Custom hotkeys (you can assign up to 2 characters (keys) to each action)
      - Filter mode: W
      - Close Window / Quit Application: Q
- ArcMenu by andrew.zaech
  - General
    - Panel Display Options
      - Position in Panel: Center
    - General Settings
      - Hotkey: Custom Hotkey
      - Current Hotkey: Shift+Ctrl+Alt+Space
  - Menu
    - Menu Layout: Launcher Menu Layouts > Runner
    - Menu Theme
      - Override Theme: On
      - Menu Themes
        - Current Theme: Light Blue (for light theme)
      - Menu Styling
        - Background Color: #ffffff
        - Foreground color: #000000
        - Save the theme as "Light"
      - Menu Themes
        - Current Theme: ArcMenu Style (for dark theme)
      - Menu Styling
        - Background Color: #2c2c2c
        - Foreground color: #ffffff
        - Save the theme as "Dark"
    - Menu Visual Appearance
      -  Menu Location
        - Override Menu Rise: On; 12
    - Runner Layout Tweaks
      - Search Results Display Style: Grid
      - Width: 700
      - Font Size: 12
      - Show Frequent Apps: On
  - Menu Button
    - Menu Button Appearance
      - Display Style: Text
      - Text: Make empty
      - Padding: 0
- (light- or dark-top-bar) Autohide Battery by iskin (only if current machine is has a battery)
- (light or dark--top-bar) Autohide Volume by t184256
- Burn My Windows by Simme (only if computer will not lag)
  - Disable Fire and enable Glide
- Caffeine by eon
  - General
    - Shortcut
      - Toggle shortcut: Shift+Super+C
  - Display
    - Show status indicator in top panel: Only when active
    - Notifications: Off
- Color Picker by grroot (only enable when needed)
- Compiz alike magic lamp effect by hermes83(only if computer will not lag)
  - Duration (ms): 250
- Dash to Dock by michele_g
  - Position and size
    - Show the dock on: Choose primary monitor
    - Position on screen: Left
    - Intelligent autohide
      - Autohide
        - Autohide: Off
        - Dodge windows: Off
    - Dock size limit: 80%
    - Icon size limit: 40 px
  - Launchers
    - Keep the focused application always visible in the dash: Off
    - Show Appplications icon: Off
  - Behavior
    - Use keyboard shortcuts to activate apps
      - Number overlay: Off
      - Show the dock if it is hidden: Off
      - Shortcut for the options above: Empty
    - Click action: Minimize or show previews
      - Shift+Click action: Launch new instance
      - Middle-Click action: Quit
      - Shift+Middle-Click action: Quit
  - Appearance
    - Shrink the dash: On
    - Show overview on startup: Off
    - Customize opacity: Fixed
    - Opacity: 0%
  - Unpin all current dock apps, and pin the following apps in order: Firefox, Tutanota, Google Calendar, Todoist, Obsidian, Konsole, Files, Tresorit, Syncthing Web UI, Bitwarden
- (light or dark--top-bar) Date Menu Formatter by mjakubowski
  - Pattern: EEEE K:mm aaa
  - Font size: 11 pt
- (light or dark--top-bar) Floating Panel by aylur
  - Copy `floating-panel@aylur` to `~/.local/share/gnome-shell/extensions/`
- Focus by scaryawr (currently disabled)
  - Inactive Opacity: Two notches away from the right (use arrow keys to move)
- Fullscreen Avoider by noobsai (only use for multiple monitors)
- GSConnect by dlandau
  - Run the following to install the openssl dependency: `sudo dnf install openssl -y`
  - Name your device
  - Choose device once connected
    - Sharing
      - Desktop
        - Clipboard Sync
          - To Device: On
          - From Device: On
    - Battery
      - Low Battery Notification: Off
    - Advanced
      - MPRIS: Off
      - Notifications: Off
- Just Perfection by JustPerfection
  - Visibility
    - Activities Button: Off
    - App Menu: Off
    - App Menu Label: Off
    - World Clock: Off
    - Weather: Off
    - Events: Off
    - Search: Off
    - Show Applications Button: Off
    - Workspace Switcher: Off
    - Workspaces App Grid: Off
    - Window Picker Close Button: Off
    - Window Picker Caption: Off
    - Background Menu: Off
    - Ripple Box: Off
  - Icons
    - (light or dark--top-bar) Panel Notification Icon: Off
  - Behaviour
    - Workspace Peek: Off
    - Window Demands Attention Focus: On
    - Double Super to App Grid: Off
    - Startup Status: Desktop
  - Customize
    - (invisible-top-bar) Panel Size: 1px
    - (light or dark--top-bar) Clock menu position: Right
    - (light or dark--top-bar) Clock menu offset: 7
    - Animation: No Animation (only if computer is lagging)
    - (light or dark--top-bar) Notification Banner Position: Top End
- Mouse Follows Focus by LeonMatthes (Disable on multi-monitor setups)
- (light or dark--top-bar) Mpris Label by moon-0xff
  - Panel
    - Extension place: center
    - Left padding: 0
    - Right padding: 0
  - Label
    - Hide when paused: Off
    - Max string length (each field): 150
    - Button placeholder (can be left empty): Empty
    - Divider string (you can use spaces): " by "
    - Visible fields and order: title artist none
    - Show source icon: off
  - Controls
    - Mouse bindings
      - Left click action: play/pause
      - Middle click action: next track
- Power Profile Switcher by eliapasquali (only if on laptop) (currently disabled)
  - Default profiles
    - On AC: Balanced
    - On battery: Power Saving
- Rounded Corners by lennart-k (disable if using multiple monitors)
  - Border radius: 16px
- Rounded Window Corners by yilozt
  - General
    - Applications
      - Skip LibAdwaita Applications: Off
      - Window Shadow
        - Focus Window
          - Spread Radius: 6.0
        - Unfocus Window
          - Vertical Offset: 4.0
          - Blur Offset: 28.0
          - Spread Radius: -10.0
          - Opacity: 60.0
    - Global Settings
      - Border Radius: 14.0
      - Keep Rounded Corners when Maximized: On
      - Keep Rounded Corners when Fullscreen: On
      - Paddings
        - Left: 0.0
        - Right: 0.0
        - Top: 0.0
        - Bottom: 0.0
- (light- or dark-top-bar) Simple Message by fredz (currently disabled)
  - Write your message: `  Tasks  `
  - Command to execute on click: `konsole --workdir ~/doc/ -e vim tasks`
- Time in date menu by knedme
  - Copy `time-in-date-menu@knedme/extension.js` to ~/.local/share/gnome-shell/extensions/time-in-date-menu\@knedme/`, or change the following:
    - Line 18: `let dateFormat = Shell.util_translate_time_string(N_("(%Y/%m/%d)"));`
    - Line 19: `let timeFormat = Shell.util_translate_time_string(N_("%-I:%M %p"));`
    - Line 21: `date.toLocaleFormat(timeFormat) + " " + date.toLocaleFormat(dateFormat));`
    - Line 27: `date.toLocaleFormat(timeFormat) + " " + date.toLocaleFormat(dateFormat);`
- (light or dark--top-bar) Top Bar Organizer by jspp
  - After installing the Mpris Label extension, move Mpris Label to the beginning of the Center Top Bar Box
  - After installing the Worksapce Dry Names (typo included) extension, move workspace-name-indicator to be right after activities in the Left Top Bar Box
  - After installing the Simple Message extension, move simple-message to be right before workspace-name-indicator in the Left Top Bar Box
  - Move gnome-pomodoro to be at the beginning of the Left Top Bar Box
  - Move the dateMenu to be at the end of the Right Top Bar Box
- Transparent Window Moving by Noobsai
  - Opacity (0..255): 230
- Unite by hardpixel
  - Run the following in terminal to hide the close button of every window: `gsettings set org.gnome.desktop.wm.preferences button-layout :`.
  - General
    - Extend top bar left box: Off
    - Show system tray in top bar: Off
    - Show desktop name in top bar: Off
    - Restrict funcitonalities to the primary screen: Off
    - Hide activities button: Always
    - Hide window titlebars: Always
    - Show window title in app menu: Never
    - Show window buttons in top bar: Never
- User Themes by fmuellner
- (light- or dark-top-bar) Volume Scroller by trflynn89
- (light- or dark-top-bar) Worksapce Dry Names by ecrevisseMiroir (typo included)
  - Name workspaces Primary, Secondary, and so on
- Workspace Switcher Manager by GdH
  - Size & Text
    - WS Box Width Scale (%): 120
  - Pop-up
    - Behaviour
      - On-Screen Time (ms): 200
  - Colors
    - Pop-up Opacity
      - Global Opacity (%): 100
    - Pop-up Colors
      - Allow Custom Colors: On
      - Background color / opacity: #FFFFFF (light)
      - Border color / opacity: #DADADA (light)
      - Active WS Foreground color / opacity: #2F2F2F (light)
      - Active WS Background color / opacity: #DADADA (light)
      - Inactive WS Foreground color / opacity: #2F2F2F (light)
      - Inactive WS Background color / opacity: #FFFFFF (light)

Commit message:

adjust appearance to be more neat and install Wallpaper Light Switch

docs/gnome-extensions.md, after:

# GNOME Extensions

Run the following to install GNOME Extensions

```
sudo dnf install gnome-extensions-app -y
```

Run `gsettings set org.gnome.shell disable-extension-version-validation true` so incompatible extensions will run with the current GNOME version.

Choose (light- or dark-top-bar) settings if you want to keep the top bar visible. Choose `(invisible-top-bar)` if you want to hide the top bar.

Change the following settings for the Built-In extensions:

- Background Logo: Off
- (light- or dark-top-bar) Pomodoro: On

 Visit https://extensions.gnome.org, and install the following extensions while changing their settings, as well.

- AATWS - Advanced Alt-Tab Window Switcher by GdH
  - Common
    - Behaviour
      - Placement: Center
      - Default Monitor: Primary monitor
      - Search Mode as Default: Off
      - Up/Down Keys Action: Toggle Single App Mode
    - Appearance and Content
      - Tooltip Titles: Show Centered
      - Tooltip Title Scale (%): 100
  - Window Switcher
    - Behavior
      - Default Filter: All
      - Minimize Windows Last: Off
    - Appearance
      - Show Window Titles: Disabled
  - App Switcher
    - Behaviour
      - Raise First Window Only: On
      - Include Favorite Apps: Off
      - Include Show Apps Icon: Off
    - Appearance
      - Hide Window Counter For Single-Window Apps: On
  - Dock Mode
    - Hot Edge
      - Hot Edge Position: Disabled
  - Hotkeys
    - Custom hotkeys (you can assign up to 2 characters (keys) to each action)
      - Filter mode: W
      - Close Window / Quit Application: Q
- ArcMenu by andrew.zaech
  - General
    - Panel Display Options
      - Position in Panel: Center
    - General Settings
      - Hotkey: Custom Hotkey
      - Current Hotkey: Shift+Ctrl+Alt+Space
  - Menu
    - Menu Layout: Launcher Menu Layouts > Runner
    - Menu Theme
      - Override Theme: On
      - Menu Themes
        - Current Theme: Light Blue (for light theme)
      - Menu Styling
        - Background Color: #ffffff
        - Foreground color: #000000
        - Save the theme as "Light"
      - Menu Themes
        - Current Theme: ArcMenu Style (for dark theme)
      - Menu Styling
        - Background Color: #2c2c2c
        - Foreground color: #ffffff
        - Save the theme as "Dark"
    - Menu Visual Appearance
      -  Menu Location
        - Override Menu Rise: On; 8
    - Runner Layout Tweaks
      - Search Results Display Style: Grid
      - Width: 700
      - Font Size: 12
      - Show Frequent Apps: On
  - Menu Button
    - Menu Button Appearance
      - Display Style: Text
      - Text: Make empty
      - Padding: 0
- (light- or dark-top-bar) Autohide Battery by iskin (only if current machine is has a battery)
- (light or dark--top-bar) Autohide Volume by t184256
- Burn My Windows by Simme (only if computer will not lag)
  - Disable Fire and enable Glide
- Caffeine by eon
  - General
    - Shortcut
      - Toggle shortcut: Shift+Super+C
  - Display
    - Show status indicator in top panel: Only when active
    - Notifications: Off
- Color Picker by grroot (only enable when needed)
- Compiz alike magic lamp effect by hermes83(only if computer will not lag)
  - Duration (ms): 250
- Dash to Dock by michele_g
  - Position and size
    - Show the dock on: Choose primary monitor
    - Position on screen: Left
    - Intelligent autohide
      - Autohide
        - Autohide: Off
        - Dodge windows: Off
    - Dock size limit: 80%
    - Icon size limit: 40 px
  - Launchers
    - Keep the focused application always visible in the dash: Off
    - Show Appplications icon: Off
  - Behavior
    - Use keyboard shortcuts to activate apps
      - Number overlay: Off
      - Show the dock if it is hidden: Off
      - Shortcut for the options above: Empty
    - Click action: Minimize or show previews
      - Shift+Click action: Launch new instance
      - Middle-Click action: Quit
      - Shift+Middle-Click action: Quit
  - Appearance
    - Shrink the dash: On
    - Show overview on startup: Off
    - Customize opacity: Fixed
    - Opacity: 0%
  - Unpin all current dock apps, and pin the following apps in order: Firefox, Tutanota, Google Calendar, Todoist, Obsidian, Konsole, Files, Tresorit, Syncthing Web UI, Bitwarden
- (light or dark--top-bar) Date Menu Formatter by mjakubowski
  - Pattern: EEEE K:mm aaa
  - Font size: 11 pt
- (light or dark--top-bar) Floating Panel by aylur
  - Copy `floating-panel@aylur` to `~/.local/share/gnome-shell/extensions/`
- Focus by scaryawr (currently disabled)
  - Inactive Opacity: Two notches away from the right (use arrow keys to move)
- Fullscreen Avoider by noobsai (only use for multiple monitors)
- GSConnect by dlandau
  - Run the following to install the openssl dependency: `sudo dnf install openssl -y`
  - Name your device
  - Choose device once connected
    - Sharing
      - Desktop
        - Clipboard Sync
          - To Device: On
          - From Device: On
    - Battery
      - Low Battery Notification: Off
    - Advanced
      - MPRIS: Off
      - Notifications: Off
- Just Perfection by JustPerfection
  - Visibility
    - Activities Button: Off
    - App Menu: Off
    - App Menu Label: Off
    - World Clock: Off
    - Weather: Off
    - Events: Off
    - Search: Off
    - Show Applications Button: Off
    - Workspace Switcher: Off
    - Workspaces App Grid: Off
    - Window Picker Close Button: Off
    - Window Picker Caption: Off
    - Background Menu: Off
    - Ripple Box: Off
  - Icons
    - (light or dark--top-bar) Panel Notification Icon: Off
  - Behaviour
    - Workspace Peek: Off
    - Window Demands Attention Focus: On
    - Double Super to App Grid: Off
    - Startup Status: Desktop
  - Customize
    - (invisible-top-bar) Panel Size: 1px
    - (light or dark--top-bar) Clock menu position: Right
    - (light or dark--top-bar) Clock menu offset: 7
    - Animation: No Animation (only if computer is lagging)
    - (light or dark--top-bar) Notification Banner Position: Top End
- Mouse Follows Focus by LeonMatthes (Disable on multi-monitor setups)
- (light or dark--top-bar) Mpris Label by moon-0xff
  - Panel
    - Extension place: center
    - Left padding: 0
    - Right padding: 0
  - Label
    - Hide when paused: Off
    - Max string length (each field): 150
    - Button placeholder (can be left empty): Empty
    - Divider string (you can use spaces): " by "
    - Visible fields and order: title artist none
    - Show source icon: off
  - Controls
    - Mouse bindings
      - Left click action: play/pause
      - Middle click action: next track
- Power Profile Switcher by eliapasquali (only if on laptop) (currently disabled)
  - Default profiles
    - On AC: Balanced
    - On battery: Power Saving
- Rounded Corners by lennart-k (disable if using multiple monitors)
  - Border radius: 12px
- Rounded Window Corners by yilozt
  - General
    - Applications
      - Skip LibAdwaita Applications: Off
      - Window Shadow
        - Focus Window
          - Spread Radius: 6.0
        - Unfocus Window
          - Vertical Offset: 4.0
          - Blur Offset: 28.0
          - Spread Radius: -10.0
          - Opacity: 60.0
    - Global Settings
      - Border Radius: 16.0
      - Keep Rounded Corners when Maximized: On
      - Keep Rounded Corners when Fullscreen: On
      - Paddings
        - Left: 0.0
        - Right: 0.0
        - Top: 0.0
        - Bottom: 0.0
- (light- or dark-top-bar) Simple Message by fredz (currently disabled)
  - Write your message: `  Tasks  `
  - Command to execute on click: `konsole --workdir ~/doc/ -e vim tasks`
- Time in date menu by knedme
  - Copy `time-in-date-menu@knedme/extension.js` to ~/.local/share/gnome-shell/extensions/time-in-date-menu\@knedme/`, or change the following:
    - Line 18: `let dateFormat = Shell.util_translate_time_string(N_("(%Y/%m/%d)"));`
    - Line 19: `let timeFormat = Shell.util_translate_time_string(N_("%-I:%M %p"));`
    - Line 21: `date.toLocaleFormat(timeFormat) + " " + date.toLocaleFormat(dateFormat));`
    - Line 27: `date.toLocaleFormat(timeFormat) + " " + date.toLocaleFormat(dateFormat);`
- (light or dark--top-bar) Top Bar Organizer by jspp
  - After installing the Mpris Label extension, move Mpris Label to the beginning of the Center Top Bar Box
  - After installing the Worksapce Dry Names (typo included) extension, move workspace-name-indicator to be right after activities in the Left Top Bar Box
  - After installing the Simple Message extension, move simple-message to be right before workspace-name-indicator in the Left Top Bar Box
  - Move gnome-pomodoro to be at the beginning of the Left Top Bar Box
  - Move the dateMenu to be at the end of the Right Top Bar Box
- Transparent Window Moving by Noobsai
  - Opacity (0..255): 230
- Unite by hardpixel
  - Run the following in terminal to hide the close button of every window: `gsettings set org.gnome.desktop.wm.preferences button-layout :`.
  - General
    - Extend top bar left box: Off
    - Show system tray in top bar: Off
    - Show desktop name in top bar: Off
    - Restrict funcitonalities to the primary screen: Off
    - Hide activities button: Always
    - Hide window titlebars: Always
    - Show window title in app menu: Never
    - Show window buttons in top bar: Never
- User Themes by fmuellner
- (light- or dark-top-bar) Volume Scroller by trflynn89
- Wallpaper Light Switch (in `configs/extensions/`)
  - Run the following to move the extension to the GNOME extension directory: `cp ~/Repos/fedora-38-configuration/configs/extensions/wallpaper-light-switch@prestonharberts.github.com/ ~/.local/share/gnome-shell/extensions/ -r`
  - Set your wallpaper, then press `Alt+F2`, and enter in `r` to restart the GNOME shell.
- (light- or dark-top-bar) Worksapce Dry Names by ecrevisseMiroir (typo included)
  - Name workspaces Primary, Secondary, and so on
- Workspace Switcher Manager by GdH
  - Size & Text
    - WS Box Width Scale (%): 120
  - Pop-up
    - Behaviour
      - On-Screen Time (ms): 200
  - Colors
    - Pop-up Opacity
      - Global Opacity (%): 100
    - Pop-up Colors
      - Allow Custom Colors: On
      - Background color / opacity: #FFFFFF (light)
      - Border color / opacity: #DADADA (light)
      - Active WS Foreground color / opacity: #2F2F2F (light)
      - Active WS Background color / opacity: #DADADA (light)
      - Inactive WS Foreground color / opacity: #2F2F2F (light)
      - Inactive WS Background color / opacity: #FFFFFF (light)
