docs/settings.md, before:

# System settings

- Bluetooth
  - Disable Bluetooth if not needed, or connect devices as needed
- Displays
  - Rearrange displays if needed
  - Change refresh rate if needed
- Power
  - Power Mode: Select preferred power mode
  - Screen Blank: 10 minutes
  - Dim Screen: Off
- Multitasking
  - Hot Corner: Off
  - Active Screen Edges: Off
- Appearance
  - Style
    - Choose preferred style
  - Background
    - Choose background
- Notifications
  - Do Not Disturb: On
  - Lock Screen Notifications: Off
  - Disable the notifications for all listed programs
- Mouse & Touchpad
  - Touchpad
    - Tap to Click: On
- Keyboard
  - View and Customize Shortcuts
    - Close window: `Super-Q`
    - Hide all normal windows: `Super-D`
    - Hide window: `Super-S`
    - Open the quick settings menu: `Super-A`
    - Show the notification list: `Super-N`
    - Focus the active notification: `Shift+Super+N`
    - Switch applications: `Alt-Tab`
    - Switch windows of an application: `Alt-~` (`Alt-Escape` if using HHKB)
    - Show the overview: `Super-Tab`
    - Show all apps: `Shift-Super-Tab`
    - Move window one monitor down: `Alt-Super-J`
    - Move window one monitor to the left: `Alt-Super-H`
    - Move window one monitor to the right: `Alt-Super-L`
    - Move window one monitor up: `Alt-Super-K`
    - Settings: `Super-O`
    - Switch to workspace on the left: `Super-;`
    - Switch to workspace on the right: `Super-'`
    - Move window one workspace to the left: `Super-[`
    - Move window one workspace to the right: `Super-/`
    - Toggle fullscreen mode: `Super-F`
    - Toggle window on all workspaces or one: `Super+X`
    - View split on left: Disabled
    - View split on right: Disabled
    - Toggle maximization state: Disabled
    - Resize window: Disabled
    - Launch help browser: Disabled
    - Activate the window menu: Disabled
    - Switch windows directly: Disabled
    - Switch windows of an app directly: Disabled
    - Switch system controls directly: Disabled
    - Move window: Disabled
    - Turn zoom on or off: Disabled
    - Zoom in: Disabled
    - Zoom out: Disabled
    - Turn screen reader on or off: Disabled
    - Custom Shortcuts
      - Create the following
        - Bible study; `bible-study`; `Super+B`
        - Game mode; `disable-gnome-extensions && kill-background-processes`; `Super+Shift+B`
        - Office mode; `enable-gnome-extensions && start-background-processes`; `Super+V`
        - Launch Firefox; `firefox`; `Ctrl+Super+1`
        - Launch Tutanota; `~/com/app/tutanota\*`; `Ctrl+Super+2`
        - Launch Todoist; `flatpak run com.todoist.Todoist`; `Ctrl+Super+4`
        - Launch Obsidian; `flatpak run md.obsidian.Obsidian`; `Ctrl+Super+5`
        - Launch Konsole; `konsole`; `Ctrl+Super+6`
        - Launch Nautilus; `nautilus`; `Ctrl+Super+7`
        - Launch Tresorit; `~/.local/share/tresorit/tresorit`; `Ctrl+Super+8`
        - Launch Syncthing Web UI; `syncthing --browser-only`; `Ctrl+Super+9`
        - Launch Bitwarden; `flatpak run com.bitwarden.desktop`; `Ctrl+Super+0`
- Privacy
  - Screen Lock
    - Automatic Screen Lock Delay: Screen Turns Off
  - File History & Trash
    - File History
      - File History Duration: 30 days
    - Trash & Temporary Files
      - Automatically Empty Trash: On
- System
  - About
    - Device Name: Pick name

Commit message:

install extensions and remove old apps

docs/settings.md, after:

# System settings

- Bluetooth
  - Disable Bluetooth if not needed, or connect devices as needed
- Displays
  - Rearrange displays if needed
  - Change refresh rate if needed
- Power
  - Power Mode: Select preferred power mode
  - Screen Blank: 10 minutes
  - Dim Screen: Off
- Multitasking
  - Hot Corner: Off
  - Active Screen Edges: Off
- Appearance
  - Style
    - Choose preferred style
  - Background
    - Choose background
- Notifications
  - Do Not Disturb: On
  - Lock Screen Notifications: Off
  - Disable the notifications for all listed programs
- Search
  - Disable the following apps in Search Results
    - Settings
    - Characters
    - Clocks
    - Firefox
    - Software
- Mouse & Touchpad
  - Touchpad
    - Tap to Click: On
- Keyboard
  - View and Customize Shortcuts
    - Close window: `Super-Q`
    - Hide all normal windows: `Super-D`
    - Hide window: `Super-S`
    - Open the quick settings menu: `Super-A`
    - Show the notification list: `Super-N`
    - Focus the active notification: `Shift+Super+N`
    - Switch applications: `Alt-Tab`
    - Switch windows of an application: `Alt-~` (`Alt-Escape` if using HHKB)
    - Show the overview: `Super-Tab`
    - Show all apps: `Shift-Super-Tab`
    - Move window one monitor down: `Alt-Super-J`
    - Move window one monitor to the left: `Alt-Super-H`
    - Move window one monitor to the right: `Alt-Super-L`
    - Move window one monitor up: `Alt-Super-K`
    - Settings: `Super-O`
    - Switch to workspace on the left: `Super-;`
    - Switch to workspace on the right: `Super-'`
    - Move window one workspace to the left: `Super-[`
    - Move window one workspace to the right: `Super-/`
    - Toggle fullscreen mode: `Super-F`
    - Toggle window on all workspaces or one: `Super+X`
    - View split on left: Disabled
    - View split on right: Disabled
    - Toggle maximization state: Disabled
    - Resize window: Disabled
    - Launch help browser: Disabled
    - Activate the window menu: Disabled
    - Switch windows directly: Disabled
    - Switch windows of an app directly: Disabled
    - Switch system controls directly: Disabled
    - Move window: Disabled
    - Turn zoom on or off: Disabled
    - Zoom in: Disabled
    - Zoom out: Disabled
    - Turn screen reader on or off: Disabled
    - Custom Shortcuts
      - Create the following
        - Bible study; `bible-study`; `Super+B`
        - Game mode; `disable-gnome-extensions && kill-background-processes`; `Super+Shift+B`
        - Office mode; `enable-gnome-extensions && start-background-processes`; `Super+V`
        - Launch Firefox; `firefox`; `Ctrl+Super+1`
        - Launch Tutanota; `~/com/app/tutanota\*`; `Ctrl+Super+2`
        - Launch Todoist; `flatpak run com.todoist.Todoist`; `Ctrl+Super+4`
        - Launch Obsidian; `flatpak run md.obsidian.Obsidian`; `Ctrl+Super+5`
        - Launch Konsole; `konsole`; `Ctrl+Super+6`
        - Launch Nautilus; `nautilus`; `Ctrl+Super+7`
        - Launch Tresorit; `~/.local/share/tresorit/tresorit`; `Ctrl+Super+8`
        - Launch Syncthing Web UI; `syncthing --browser-only`; `Ctrl+Super+9`
        - Launch Bitwarden; `flatpak run com.bitwarden.desktop`; `Ctrl+Super+0`
- Privacy
  - Screen Lock
    - Automatic Screen Lock Delay: Screen Turns Off
  - File History & Trash
    - File History
      - File History Duration: 30 days
    - Trash & Temporary Files
      - Automatically Empty Trash: On
- System
  - About
    - Device Name: Pick name
